ENH: Add on-the-fly registered slide visualization (#875)
TissueImageAnalytics/tiatoolbox: docs/visualization.rst

The main slide view can be made fullscreen by clicking the fullscreen icon in the small toolbar to the immediate right of the main window. This toolbar also provides a button to save the current view as a .png file.

> Visualising Image Registration/Transformation
> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visualising Image Registration/Transformation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

> TIAToolbox provides a registration feature that allows visual alignment of images, such as H&E and IHC-stained slides, using Dual Window Mode. This feature enables quick visualization of registered regions without requiring full whole-slide registration. A precomputed registration matrix (e.g. an MHA or NumPy file from prior affine/deformable registration) must be provided as an overlay. To perform registration, first open the Dual Window Mode and load the images:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIAToolbox provides a registration feature that allows visual alignment of images, such as H&E and IHC-stained slides, using Dual Window Mode. This feature enables quick visualization of registered regions without requiring full whole-slide registration. A precomputed registration matrix (e.g. an `*.mha` or `*.npy` file from prior affine/deformable registration) must be provided as an overlay. To perform registration, first open the Dual Window Mode and load the images:
```

> First, open the H&E (source) image in one window. Then open the IHC (target) image in the other window. Next, load the registration file (e.g. an .mha or .npy file) as an overlay on the source image to be registered. This overlay applies the transformation to the field of view displayed in the interface rather than the entire whole-slide image. This allows for rapid inspection of localised registration results without the computational cost of registering the full slide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To perform registration:

- Open Dual Window Mode and load the images.
- In one window, open the H&E (source) image.
- In the other window, open the IHC (target) image.
- Load the registration file (e.g., an .mha or .npy file) as an overlay on the source image.
```
